v1.21.0 dashboard performance fix (#8644)
netdata/netdata: web/gui/README.md

<iframe width="720" height="405" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/Ob6-Wkb6ZBA" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</details>

> ## New React Dashboard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## New React dashboard
```

We've been working on refactoring the standard dashboard code to simplify the process of adding new features and fixing bugs. 

> The new dashboard is added to the codebase, but the old version is still here. If you want to use it, run `/usr/libexec/netdata/netdata-switch-dashboard.sh  classic`. To switch back, do `netdata-switch-dashboard.sh  react`. Currently, the refactored dashboard doesn't include any noticeable changes in UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new dashboard is added to the codebase, but the old version is still here. If you want to switch back to the old version, run `/usr/libexec/netdata/netdata-switch-dashboard.sh  classic`. To switch back to the React version, run `/usr/libexec/netdata/netdata-switch-dashboard.sh  react`. Currently, the React dashboard doesn't include any noticeable changes in user interface (UI) or features.
```
